Update ERC-7562: Updates post-audit (#958)
ethereum/ERCs: ERCS/erc-7562.md

### Constants

> | Title                                | Value                       | Comment                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: I'd revert this table change.

|--------------------------------------|-----------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `MIN_UNSTAKE_DELAY`                  | 86400                       | 1 day, which provides a sufficient withdrawal delay to prevent most sybil attacks                                              |
| `MIN_STAKE_VALUE`                    | Adjustable per chain value  | Equivalent to ~$1000 in native tokens, which provides a sufficient capital requirement to prevent most sybil attacks           |

> | `SAME_SENDER_MEMPOOL_COUNT`          | 4                           | Prevent filling the mempool with operations by a single sender, which would enable a mass invalidation attack                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SAME_SENDER_MEMPOOL_COUNT`          | 4                           | Maximum number if allowed userops in the mempool from a single sender.                  |
```

> | `SAME_UNSTAKED_ENTITY_MEMPOOL_COUNT` | 10                          | Prevent filling the mempool with operations relying on a single entity, which would enable a mass invalidation attack          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SAME_UNSTAKED_ENTITY_MEMPOOL_COUNT` | 10                          | Maximum number allowed in the mempool of UserOperations referencing the same unstaked entity          |
```

| `THROTTLED_ENTITY_MEMPOOL_COUNT`     | 4                           | Number of `UserOperations` with a throttled entity that can stay in the mempool                                                |
| `THROTTLED_ENTITY_LIVE_BLOCKS`       | 10                          | Number of blocks a `UserOperations` with a throttled entity can stay in mempool                                                |
| `THROTTLED_ENTITY_BUNDLE_COUNT`      | 4                           | Number of `UserOperations` with a throttled entity that can be added in a single bundle                                        |
| `MIN_INCLUSION_RATE_DENOMINATOR`     | 100 (client) \ 10 (bundler) | A denominator of a formula for entity reputation calculation                                                                   |
| `THROTTLING_SLACK`                   | 10                          | Part of a reputation formula that allows entities to legitimately reject some transactions without being throttled             |
| `BAN_SLACK`                          | 50                          | Part of a reputation formula that allows throttled entities to reject some transactions without being throttled                |

> | `BAN_OPS_SEEN_PENALTY`               | 10000                       | This value provides a way for the bundler to penalize an entity that rejected a valid UserOp after it was included in a bundle |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `BAN_OPS_SEEN_PENALTY`               | 10000                       | A value to put into the opsSeen counter of entity to declare as banned |
```

### Constants

| Title                                | Value                       | Comment                                                                                                                 |
|--------------------------------------|-----------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `MIN_UNSTAKE_DELAY`                  | 86400                       | 1 day, which provides a sufficient withdrawal delay to prevent most sybil attacks                                       |
| `MIN_STAKE_VALUE`                    | Adjustable per chain value  | Equivalent to ~$1000 in native tokens, which provides a sufficient capital requirement to prevent most sybil attacks    |

> | `SAME_SENDER_MEMPOOL_COUNT`          | 4                           | Maximum number if allowed userops in the mempool from a single sender.                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SAME_SENDER_MEMPOOL_COUNT`          | 4                           | Maximum number of allowed userops in the mempool from a single sender.                                                  |
```

    2. The slot value was calculated as `keccak(A||x)+n`, where `x` is a `bytes32` value, and `n` is a value in the range 0..128
6. **Using an address**: accessing the code of a given address in any way.
   This can be done by executing `*CALL` or `EXTCODE*` opcodes for a given address.

> 7. **Spammer** - a P2P peer bundler that has sent one or multiple invalid `UserOperations` to the mempool in a way that may risk the availability of the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. **Spammer** - a P2P peer bundler that attempts a DoS attack on the mempool  by spamming other peers with a large # of invalid UserOperations.
```

>    Bundlers MUST disconnect from such peers, as described in the [Mempool Validation Rules](#mempool-validation-rules) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Bundlers MUST detect and disconnect from such peers, as described in the [Mempool Validation Rules](#mempool-validation-rules) section.
```

### Limitations

The point of the `EntryPoint` contract is to guarantee a degree of isolation between individual `UserOperations`.
However, there are certain limitations in Ethereum that may break this isolation when they are approached.
One major example of such a limitation is the gas cost of a memory expansion operation, which is a quadratic function.

In order to prevent hitting the memory expansion limitations, the `UserOperations` bundles must meet the following limitations:

* **[LIM-010]** Maximum size of a single packed and ABI-encoded `UserOperation` in bytes MUST not exceed `MAX_USEROP_SIZE`
* **[LIM-020]** Maximum size of a `context` byte array returned by a paymaster in a single `UserOperation` in bytes MUST not exceed `MAX_CONTEXT_SIZE`
* **[LIM-030]** Maximum size of an ABI-encoded bundle call to the `handleOps` function in bytes MUST not exceed `MAX_BUNDLE_SIZE`
* **[LIM-040]** Maximum total size of all `context` byte arrays returned by all paymasters in all `UserOperations` in a bundle in bytes MUST not exceed `MAX_BUNDLE_CONTEXT_SIZE`

> * **[LIM-050]** The `verificationGasLimit` and `paymasterVerificationGasLimit` parameters MUST exceed the actual usage during the first validation of the `UserOperation` by `VALIDATION_GAS_SLACK`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[LIM-050]** The `verificationGasLimit` and `paymasterVerificationGasLimit` parameters MUST exceed the actual usage during the validation of the `UserOperation` by `VALIDATION_GAS_SLACK`
```

* **[AUTH-020]** An account with EIP-7702 delegation can only be used as the Sender of the UserOperation.
  Using authorized account as any other kind of UserOperation entity is not allowed.
* **[AUTH-030]** An account with EIP-7702 delegation can only be **accessed** (using `*CALL` or `EXTCODE*` opcodes) if it is the Sender of the current UserOperation.
* **[AUTH-040]** If there are multiple UserOperations by the same sender with an authorization tuple in the mempool, they all MUST have the same delegate address.

### Limitations

> The validation rules attempt to guarantee a degree of isolation between individual `UserOperations`, validations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The validation rules attempt to guarantee a degree of isolation between individual `UserOperations`' validations.
```
